**Privacy Policy**

This privacy policy applies to the Mini Sudoku app (hereby referred to as "Application") for mobile devices that was created by Innerblooming LLC (hereby referred to as "Service Provider") as a Free service. This service is intended for use "AS IS".

**Information Collection and Use**

The Application collects any information when you download and use it. The Service Provider doesn't collect any user information.

**Security**

The Service Provider is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. The Service Provider provides physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information the Service Provider processes and maintains.

**Changes**

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

This privacy policy is effective as of 2025-08-19

**Your Consent**

By using the Application, you are consenting to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the practices, please contact the Service Provider via email at innerbloominglabs@protonmail.com.

* * *

This privacy policy page was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)